# CS50x Final Project - Portfolio
#### Video Demo: https://youtu.be/QmQTIYp1esg
#### Description:
Hello all, this is my submission for the final project in CS50x and I chose to do a portfolio for my freelancing business as a web dev. This site has been in the works for a while now and the skills I learned during this course enabled me to really understand how to make my site feel unique and stand out. I was able to use raw HTML, CSS, and JS to create the site and make it responsive, interactive, and overall visually appealing. I focused on things like meta data to help with SEO and implementing things like intersection observers and loaders with js to help make the site more reactive to enhance the user experience. All of the images were sourced from open source sites like Pixabay. I have a Home page which is where the user is taken to when they first click the link to the site, then there are two additional pages - a Projects page to display recent completed projects and a FAQ page to answer some questions the user may have about what is web dev, why should they use a freelancer, etc. The website is responsive to all screen sizes and utilizes things like flex-box and grid in css to make the responsiveness more fluid. On the homepage there is a "GET STARTED" button that reacts to users hovering and clicking on it and the same technique that was used to create that button animation was used to animate the picture cards on my project page that are themselves links to those sites that house the project. You will see on the project page there are many moving parts, all controlled by intersection observers in JS and animation/transformaton properties in CSS. 
